And this tutorial I'll show you a shortcut to uploading your daughter to school server so let's get
straight to it.
This is as secure all Server Management Studio.
And this is our folder with Aldara.
So I'm going to go into the Produkt folder go to original datums is going to take the data from here
.
Copy it into prepared data I'm not going to make any notifications and I'm also going to copy it into
the folder for today from where I will upload it.
Now instead of going through this as I'm going to use a very cheap and fast method which I strongly
advise you not to ever use on real projects we'll talk about why later at the end of this tutorial.
But it's definitely not advised to use it on real projects.
OK.
So I want uploaded to this database as training.
So I'm going to Right-Click the database and I'm going to go to tasks here.
I will select import data at the bottom.
Now a wizard pops up which is called the SDL server import and export wizard.
Now we're going to click here.
Next the data source you need to select flat file source.
Then you need to remember this window.
Yep it's very similar to the one we saw in SOSIAS.
Here we will navigate to all project skill practice data sets upload a dorm this folder of files a list
of orders text qualifier as usual call them names.
That's correct.
Columns.
Just check your columns quickly advanced.
As previously we're going to give them a thousand characters in each column.
By the way here if you ever need to you can specify the data type but I will show you how to convert
data types in.
SAGAL So we're just gonna upload them as text preview.
Once again check.
All good.
Next.
All right.
Here you need where you're going to upload the data.
This would be funny flat file source to flood the situation.
Now we don't need that.
We need Microsoft all the D-B provider for a SQL Server.
So I like that.
Make sure your server name is in here your database is in here it should be because you're right click
the right database the one you want to upload to.
Once again your authentication is specified here next.
OK.
Next run immediately you're going to click Finish but I'll just click next here.
Finish is going.
It's done four thousand rows close and all this refresh.
And there you go there's this divorce so select top 1000 rows.
That's how you quickly upload data to Ezekiel search.
I'm not going to do that for the second file in this video.
I'll do it separately but please go ahead and upload the second file this way as well.
Why you should use this specific process to upload data for your data size projects.
Dancers are very simple you're basically missing out on your whole first part of the e-tail process
.
On phase one and phase 2 way you do the data wrangling before the load.
And then when you do the data wrangling and transformations in Sosias that's sambal that's the reasonable
one reason number two is you don't have any traceability or or the ability of what's going on so you
don't have this whole Sosias package that you can later go back to and inspect and understand how you
dissect it and what you did with the data.
It is a requirement.
I believe it's a requirement for proper data science project to have that traceability of your actions
throughout.
So somebody else can pick up your work and repeated or redo it or analyze it or quality assured and
so on.
So definitely use this method only if you need to practice on something or you need to quickly upload
an ad hoc table just to check something out.
So that's it for today.
I'll see you in the next tutorial where we'll start learning Escurial